---
title: Lesson 4
layout: post
author: nathan.davies
permalink: /lesson-4/
source-id: 1qIGgA3qQWOqXzmHjsSOXL8ZvMaNd3kzkYiI0oB4-KeU
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Apples and Cakes</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>31/01/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>To carry on with the booklet.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To increase my confidence with coding.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In this lesson today, I did a lot more coding than usual because my partner wasn't here. The first bit of coding that I did was called Girls and Boys. The second set of coding was called Apples and Cakes. For both sets of coding, I kept on trying different things and saw what worked and what didn’t. This way, I will be a stronger coder and I will be able to code more confidently knowing what works and what doesn’t. I will definitely keep trying things like that in the future.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I don’t really think much limited my learning. I actually found it easier without my partner as I could just glance between the booklet and my monitor. I also found that i made less mistakes. I think that this is probably because I often got confused with what my partner was saying.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time, I will for sure try to see what coding works by testing the booklet. I will also try to improve my learning by maybe going</td>
  </tr>
</table>


