---
title: Lesson 15
layout: post
author: nathan.davies
permalink: /lesson-15/
source-id: 1Rd91iK0HbuodaMd9RcFb2RR24ONGVRaxuBaTzPoFQ4k
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>The mind melting chat</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>07/06/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Today, my mind melted</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To talk about coding and various other topics. (Although I secretly think our teacher was trying to bake our brains).</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> YES</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today, we started off by having a twenty minute chat about how we program a kettle. This was alright, not hard to understand but not easy. When we moved onto think about commands we could give a robot arm to boil a kettle. That was harder. Still not mind boggling though. Then we started to talk about some people who can multiply two scarily big numbers together. They do this by converting them into blobs in their mind. They then merge the blobs together creating a third blob. They use this third blob and 'translate' it back into a number. They come out with the correct answer.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The bit that limited my learning was the fact that our talk changed to talk about the 4th dimension. We quickly moved off this subject as none of us could understand. Then, this didn't’ help. We started talking about if my blue looks to me like your yellow does to you. We will never know if we see the same blue or red or green. We would both call yellow yellow but to me it may look like my blue and to you it may look like my green. We then tried to imagine a new colour. None of us could. We left the lesson on the most mind-boggling bit of all! What is our universe in. Is it in more universes or is just a speck of dust in someone else's universe.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time, we are doing more coding on codecademy so hopefully next time I will walk out of the lesson with a brain rather than some slosh in my head. Next time, I will sit down and crack on with my coding.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


