---
title: Lesson 3
layout: post
author: nathan.davies
permalink: /lesson-3/
source-id: 1AclHgOD--tFh8Eko3GG-b5ZJip2b6xHl9u7VrIGv_9g
published: true
---

   <pb> 24/01/17 </pb>
   In this lesson, I became more confident coding on my fuze box.



<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>In this lesson, we did some prep coding for our robot arm later on.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Get more coding done.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today, I learnt how to change the colour for our coding as well as the colour of our text for the coding. I am really pleased with this lesson as me and my friend, Joe, produced a lot of coding. We also just tried lots of things out to see if they worked or not. Sometimes they worked, (those times were the best times) but when it didn't work, I just had to try again. That is the thing I love about coding, typing a line isn’t much hassle yet it does so much good!</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think if I can speed up the process of reading and typing up the script then I will be able to produce even more! That would also benefit my entire group (two people). The other thing that I need to work on is the process of saving our work onto my pen drive. It really took a while to figure out and stole around five minutes of precious coding time. Evil pen drive!</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>As I said earlier, I will try to work faster and try to remember how to save my wok. Hopefully next time I will know how to set up the fuze box faster and more confidently.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


